Hello everyone, this is Alan from Manus.
In the following section, I'll do a
quick product demo so that you have a
comprehensive understanding of what
Manus is capable of and how to apply
Manus in your day-to-day workflows.
Manus is a general purpose AI agent
platform. It executes complex tasks for
you independently. It delivers
production ready results end to end. It
is LLM agnostic which means it is built
on top of all of the state of
foundational models so that it picks the
best model for your use cases. Let's
start with this interface. Here you can
see a wide range of output formats and
task that manage can do for you. Ranging
from creating slides, building websites,
developing mobile apps, design, setting
up schedule task, wide research,
spreadsheets, data visualization, video,
audio, and a lot more. You can also
connect manners to your existing
workflows via connectors. Here you can
either select from the existing list or
add your own custom API or MCP. But
next, let's start with some real use
cases. So let's take a look at manners
for size generation. In this case, I'm
an investor using manners for deal
sourcing looking for serious B2C cyber
security companies that meet certain
criteria. Manus first identifies 60
companies and via wide research, it
breaks down this massive task into 60
sub aents all running in parallel
simultaneously in a structured manner
and then it generates a slide outline
detailing the structure of the slide
deck. Ultimately delivering this slide
deck as you can see is well researched
well structured almost as good as
interns output quality.
Manus can also generate slide deck
following your company's slice template
so that the deck generated will be more
on brand. In this case I asked manus to
create a deck comparing Singapore and
San Francisco startup ecosystem and I
use PWC company template as an example.
Ultimately, this is a deliverable. As
you can see, it is following the PWC
slice template format and design tone.
In this use case, I'm an event marketer.
I just hosted a event on Luma and I
exported this data spreadsheet from the
event that I hosted. I asked managers to
convert it into a slide deck and data
visualization so that I can deliver a
postevent analysis. Here is the slice
outline and here is the automated slide
deck. So as you can see uh if you are a
traditional marketer and didn't have
much data analytical skills this would
have saved you a few hours of work. Okay
let's take a look at crowd browser use
cases. With manus crowd browser you can
visit and log into websites with private
access such as your own social media
internet or databases. In this case I
asked man to log into my trading view
account and analyze this particular
stock and scrape the all the relevant
data and metrics and indicators.
Ultimately, I asked managers to deliver
a website. As you can see, this website
is live updated with relevant
information based on the private access
to the database that I provided. In
addition to crowd browser, manus also
has this Chrome extension that is called
browser operator which takes over
directly your Chrome and the tabs that
you're browsing. Let's take a look at
this use case. I asked Manus to go to
this ad library and then search for this
particular advertiser in this particular
country within a specific date range. So
as you can see manus is taking over my
browser to scrape through the ad library
used the search filters and then scrape
all the ad copies and analyzed all the
visuals as well. So ultimately manas
delivered the results in a slide deck
format analyzing the campaigns the
copies the visuals the CTAs etc. So this
become a workflow a automated workflow
for advertisers.
Now let's take a look at this use case
where I ask menace to take over my link
and search for the best relevant
candidates based on these JDs that I
provided. Let's watch it again. As you
can see, Manace is now reading the job
descriptions on LinkedIn. And now based
on its understanding of the jobs, it
used my LinkedIn to scrape the relevant
candidates using my search filters based
on my first degree connections.
So ultimately, I asked Manis to deliver
a detailed recruitment report based on
the job descriptions I provided and man
provided a list of potential candidates
that I can talk to based on my first
degree connections. So this is almost as
good as a head hunting agency.
Now let's take a look at mana wide
research use cases as opposed to deep
research. Manus wide research can do
hundreds or even thousands of task
extensively in parallel. That means with
mana centralized orchestration it breaks
down a massive task into parallel
processing subtask each independently
executed by sub aents and run
simultaneously. In this use case, I
asked Manus to research 100 sneaker
models. And I only gave Manus this very
simple prompt. And this white research
was triggered by Manus with 100 lines of
research items, each independently
executed by a sub agent.
Ultimately, this is the final
deliverable, a spreadsheet of 100
sneaker models with all the data and
metrics.
In another use case, I asked managers to
research 250 AI researchers in an AI
conference. Imagine if you give this
prompt to any major AI tools in the
market today, it will most likely not be
able to exhaustively provide you the
results because of the limitation of
context window and also the lack of wide
research capability. But in this use
case, manus breaks down this massive
task into 250 subtask. Each line item
representing a sub agent researching on
each researcher profile.
Ultimately, this is the spreadsheet of
250 researcher profiles. And this kind
of task was on average done in like 10
or 15 minutes.
This is another use case of white
research where I asked man to research
the AGI artificial general intelligence
timelines that were predicted by all
these AI researchers and entrepreneurs.
So this white research was triggered
with 20 subtask each independently
researching uh what they have said on
social media and news uh news reports.
not only deliver a CSV spreadsheet and
documentation format but it also it also
visualized the the result in a
infographic manner almost as good as a
reporter.
In this use case I came across this
GitHub of hundreds of prompts and this
is a unstructured uh website and I
wanted to scrape the prompt only this
part from this website that has hundreds
of prompts. So I asked manus to extract
all the prompts and then put them into
my notion database where I've previously
configured my notion connector in manus.
So this white research was triggered
with a 100 sub aents each independently
looking into the prompts and the use
cases
and ultimately the prompts were scraped
and also delivered to my notion
database. So in this use case I
literally converted a unstructured
website into a structured database
scraping the info that I wanted.
In this use case I asked man to generate
10 posters for me following the same
theme and following the same brand
guideline. So this is also white
research but in this case is not just
research but batch generating certain
media assets. So this task was broken
down into tens of task each
independently generating a poster and
this is the final deliverable
poster that follows certain brand
guideline and representing the same
theme.
In this use case I asked man to research
about all UNESCO heritage sites in
Europe. So menace started with this 50
task each analyzing a European country
and research about all the heritage
sites in these respective countries and
then it deliver a research markdown
report and then I wanted to convert that
research output into a educational
website. So I asked manus to build a
website and ultimately this is the
website that is publicly deployed on
manus.
It is a fully functional interactive
website.
You can literally click onto any
particular site and you can see there's
embedded Google map here as well with
the relevant info about the site.
There's also a directory of all these
UNESCO heritage in Europe and you can
use the search and filter as well. So
this is a perfect example of turning a
white research task into a uh
deliverable in website format.
In this use case, I asked managers to
research all the websites of the latest
Y Combinator YC 2025 winter batch.
So this is a pretty long websites with
close to 200 companies. So this white
research was triggered with 200 uh with
167 subtask each independently scraping
the websites and the company info in
this batch. And then I wanted to learn
more about the traffic insights of each
of these website. So I call my custom
similar web API and I ask man to
research the traffic of all these
websites. So another research was
triggered and in particular you can see
in this column there's API success
column here that means each independent
sub aent here call API to find out more
about the traffic insights of each of
these websites. So white research is not
just research per se but this is also
doing uh batch API calls and ultimately
this is the kind of data visualization
delivered by manus.
Now let's take a look at this use case
of mail manus in settings you can set up
your manus email address and workflow
email so that you can forward an email
from your inbox to manus to trigger a
task and relevant automated workflow. In
this case, for example, I received this
email from a colleague asking me to
analyze this infographic which has 100
logos in the image.
So without AI agent, if you ask a human
intern to deliver this research, it will
probably take a few hours if not days.
In this case, I forwarded this email to
my manas bot based on the email address
that I set up. And this reply actually
became the prompt that triggered a manus
task. So without leaving this inbox I
received a reply from manus within the
same thread saying that saying that uh
menace has received the task and has now
uh planned the following uh task
accordingly. So after 10 minutes manus
successfully completed the task and
delivered the result within the same
email thread. So what happened in rayati
was that uh manus actually took that
reply email and the attachment as a
prompt and triggered this research task.
So white research was triggered and this
massive task was broken down into 134
subtask each independently executed by a
sub agent
and ultimately
this is the CSV file delivered by manus
summarizing all the research based on
these hundreds of companies.
Now let's take a look at manus web
development use cases. Manus can help
you build fully functional websites with
AI capabilities, back end and loginins.
In this use case, I asked menus to build
a tool that scraped all the images from
any Google doc. The pain point is that
if you have a Google doc like this, you
would realize that you can't actually
download images from the Google doc. So
if you have hundreds or thousands of
images in this Google doc, that would be
a major pain point. So I asked man to
build this tool and then this is the
tool that manus built. Let's test it
with the URL.
So this website is built by manus via
just natural language and it is publicly
deployed on manus.
So yeah 29 images were scraped from that
Google doc and I can bash down them at
once.
In this use case I asked manus to build
a manus product feedback portal where
you can as a user submit feedback upload
other feedback and also uh search for
previous historical feedback rates as
well. So let's give it a try. Let's say
need more slice template for marketers.
So this is my request. So this is
submitted and it goes to the back end of
this website and this is automatically
categorized as a slide related temp uh
uh request and you can upload it as I
mean you can change the evaluation
status and other users can also comment
on this feedback.
So I can also sort it by time. So you
can see the latest request is here and I
can search for relevant uh feedback as
well. Let's take a look at the back end
of this website.
So now we're in the back end of this
website. So you can see this website is
built by just natural language
prompting. Uh first of all, you can see
the code. You can actually export the
code if you need to hand it to a human
developer. You can also uh see a data
dashboard which is something like a
Google Analytics where you can see the
visits, the page visit duration, bounce
rate, etc. There's also a database where
you can see all the feedback comments uh
created by users. Uh there's also
settings where you can change the
domain, you can connect to your existing
websites. Um you can also connect to
stripe payment or input uh or improve
the SEO as well. So there's a testing
environment and there's also a public uh
URL where you can just deploy with
manness.
In this next use case, we build this AI
flower arrangement visualizer for this
flower shop in Singapore. So the pain
point for this solo entrepreneur is that
she needs to do a lot of back and forth
WhatsApp communication because there's a
lot of customers asking for like flowers
u the pricing the look and feel and the
combination of different flowers and
this leads to a very low conversion rate
for her and with this tool she can
actually just pass this to potential
customers and they can just pick from
the list here which is built based on
the database that she provided and then
you can also add custom instruction
So by selecting all these options, you
can ask man to generate a preview image
of the flower that you want to buy.
And you can see there also small details
about the custom instructions that I
provide as well. And then you can
directly schedule a delivery. You can
put your name here. You can put your
address here.
And then because this is already
connected to Stripe, so you can directly
go check out and pay for the flower. So
according to the entrepreneur, this is a
very uh productive tool for her that
helps her streamline the custom order
process.
Let's take a look at manage schedule
task use case. In manus, you can set up
a regularly recurring task via settings.
If you go to schedule task, add new
schedule, you can add title, prompt, and
the time of that particular schedule
task. You can choose the frequency of
the schedule task and you can also set
up a automated run mode so that it
doesn't require your manual
confirmation. It also connect with your
connectors as well.
In addition to setting this up in
settings, you can also just trigger it
in your task via prompt. In this use
case, I'm a product manager and I want
to um set up a schedule task that visit
product hunt and look at the daily
trending products and deliver that in a
website format. So, manus helped me uh
set up the schedule task and did a wide
research on the websites and then
ultimately delivering this uh summary
page highlighting the daily trending
products in the format that I wanted.
Let's take a look at manus for data
visualization and spreadsheets. You can
actually build financial model with
manness. So in this case I asked manus
to create a advanced SAS financial
model. I asked for a complex advanced
model with like um various assumptions
and also like multi-heets underneath the
model. So man started with this wide
research analyzing the typical uh
industry benchmarks and metrics of the
SAS industry for example like turn rates
NMR CAC etc. It then generate this
financial model using Python and
summarize it as uh some visualized
charts. So you can see this is a summary
of uh threeear projection with some
growth trajectory charts, waterfall
charts and also uh scenario based
planning. If I click on this uh
financial model, I can export it to
Google drive or one drive or locally. uh
there's a cover up page with assumptions
and then benchmarks based on the info
that menace has researched and then uh
scenario based projections projections
based on revenue P&L cash flow of all
these base bear and bull use cases in
this next use case I asked manus to
estimate the total addressable market
and also the s and s of the US electric
bike market so manus did a quick
research and also used some uh built-in
data sources as well to reduce the
chances of hallucination
and then it delivered a research
document and I further asked manus to
visualize that in a infographic manner.
So this is a chart that manus created
illustrating the time the sam the s of
the USD by market. In this use case I
asked manage to analyze a bunch of SEO
keywords. I exported this SEO keyword
list from ah refs and I asked man to
plot it in a 2x2 matrix using these two
dimensions global volume and keyword
difficulty. So in about 10 minutes manus
gave me this chart you see the y-axis
global search volume and the x axis
keyword difficulty. So this quadrant
shows the keyword opportunities that I
should be prioritizing. So imagine if
you give this task to a human intern or
a SEO specialist. This would probably
take a few hours. In this case I asked
man to use my type for API and analyze a
survey results that I recently uh
published. So manus actually dig into
the type form data that I connected and
ultimately analyze the submission trends
and also the persona of the u
applicants. So uh these are not built-in
analytical features in tyform. So this
is uh additional analytical layer that
is enabled by manus. So ultimately uh
because of this typhon connector manus
is able to deliver a analytical report
based on that survey result. Now let's
take a look at manus for image and video
creation. Imagine I am this seller of a
soft drink brand and I wanted to find 20
AI influencers as my brand ambassador
selling this soft drink. So I asked
managers to scrape 20 portraits of AI
inferences and ask them to hold this
preferred in their hands. So ultimately
this is the series of AI inferences that
maners created for me and imagine if
you're selling this soft on e-commerce
platform you can directly use those
images in your storefront and uh these
are the images
in this use case I asked manus to create
a cinematic video for a feature launch
um so it is a astronaut walking alone on
the moon with some brand content as well
so ultimately u menace created different
scenes and based on the scene uh manus
created short videos and stitched them
together into a one video. So this is
the final output. I just never shot it
became
stories
was the output single prompt. In this
use case I asked man to watch a video
about a feature launch that we had
before and then turn it into a comic
style. So this is a example of
repurposing existing content. So man
using n banana created this comic that
is highly resonating with the YouTube
video that we had. Imagine
you're a marketer. You can easily
repurpose uh different formats of media
assets.
So in this use case, we use Hen API to
batch generate a series of uh
personalized sales video in different
language. So before this, I had already
set up a uh Hen character using one of
our co-ounders image and I asked man to
create 10 videos in different languages
as sales pitch.
So ultimately you can see
this is a series of videos in different
languages.
that is based on a personalized uh sales
script. Let's take a look at some manage
connectors use cases. In manage you can
add connectors from the list or via
custom API or MCP. In this case, I as
manage to create a video based on a page
deck that I uploaded and I as managers
to use my Hen API to create a AI avatar
that talks through the sales deck. So,
let's take a look at the video.
>> Hello, John. I'm thrilled to present
these exceptional rental market, $300
per month. So the deck is about a
property that I'm selling and then I
want to further stage that editor onto
the top of the slide deck so you can
see.
>> Hello John, I'm thrilled to present
these exceptional rental properties that
I rental with studio requirements.
You're looking for a spacious
two-bedroom market. I've identified two
exceptional properties that align
perfectly with your criteria.
>> So in that two particular moments that I
stopped, you realized that the video
actually followed the flipping of the
slides. So this is already a very high
uh production quality uh video that you
can use for personalized sales page. In
this case, I connected manus with my
similar web custom API and I uploaded
this infographic with dozens of logo. So
I wanted menus to research the companies
listed in this infographic and tell me
the traffic insights. So uh what
research was triggered and uh API call
was done in this research. So ultimately
I got deliverable like uh this which is
a visualized chart with the traffic
insights of these dozens of websites. In
this use case, I as managed to analyze
this website using Href's API to predict
the top 10 traffic driving pages and the
main keywords of this uh coffee shop
website. So ultimately is a SEO audit
report based on the HF's data.
I further prompted to find unbranded
keywords opportunity tingling a specific
country. So imagine if you're a SEO
specialist, you'll be able to leverage
your HES API and manage to do additional
analysis and further convert it into a
presentable slide deck where you can
share with your colleagues or manager.
In this use case, I asked menus to
connect to my HubSpot where I have a
bunch of VC and potential investors that
I want to further uh research and enrich
their data. So without any further data
enrichment tool, I connected manus with
HubSpot and Menace basically scraped my
HubSpot contact database and enriched
the the info of all these investors. So
manage connector is an excellent way for
you to connect Manace with your existing
workflow without leaving Manus. Let's
also talk about manus projects. In manus
you can create projects which are
dedicated workspace for you to group the
same type of task under the same project
with the shared project names and shared
master instructions. In this example, I
created a project called manus design.
It shares the same master prompt that is
following this design guideline of
menace and use the attached manus logo.
Here I've uploaded the manus logo here.
That means whatever task that I created
under this project will follow this
master instruction and reference this
attachment.
Let's also take a look at some
personalization settings in manus. Here
in settings personalization you can add
your nickname, occupation and your
profile so that manus will know more
about you. You can also add custom
instructions here. Here in knowledge
these are the preferred ways of working
that you want to inform manness whenever
these kind of situations reoccurs. So
for example I have a knowledge here
where whenever presenting a data point
in slides make sure there's a data
source added to the bottom of the slide
or whenever manage is drafting content
for X and show the content is under 280
characters. So in this case for example
I'm drafting a X post and so because of
that knowledge setup there's a reminder
that this knowledge is record this is
about X content posting and whenever
there's X content then it will ensure
that like the content is under 380
characters. Last but not least you can
set up manus API via settings
integrations with menace API where you
can create manus API keys and manus web
host. So you can connect your service
with menus by calling manus api. Here
you can find more about our API
documentation open.ai/docs. AI/DOCS.
We also have a trust center where you
can find more about our security and
compliance standards.
We also have a use case library,
awesome.mus.space where you can find
more about our high quality use cases
from our users and internal team. We've
also recently launched Madness Academy
where you can find general courses and
vertical courses for business analysts,
product managers, and finance. You're
welcome to take the courses and earn
certifications and free credits.